# 143 Episode: Those Nights, Part 3 (The Case of the Dalton Banjo)

Excuse me, Mr. Chairman.

<blank>

Opening the thick door, Annemarie Bairos steps into the school's chancellor's office.

<blank>

I hear the investigation is going well. I'm glad you're here. It's good to have you here.

I'm sorry, sir."

So? I heard you had an urgent report?"

Yes, I have just received a report from our family and the Edgarra family spy.

Huh?"

"Just a few moments ago, my lady! We have just destroyed the enemy's forces!"

Yeah? What?"

'Our ...... mine! My Lady Suzy has defeated an enemy force of 220 in De Kembel! She has defeated an enemy force of 220 in Dekenberger single-handedly!

No, can you give me a minute?"

I just wanted to tell you about this young lady's accomplishment as soon as possible.

'Let's settle down for a minute, shall we? Annemarie Byros."

I'm just rushing in to get what I can!"

I understand your loyalty to Miss Susie very well."

Of course! My feelings for the young lady have already lightly surpassed the heavens.

That's great. But would you allow me to clear up a little information for you?"

Yes, sir. Of course.

"First, your beloved Miss Susie Cloud.

Yes!"

She is at this time right now; it's about halfway through the 22:00 hour. Is it correct to say that she is out of the dormitory and out of the house ......?"

............ Now, what are we talking about?"

You're out and about, so you've accomplished great things, right?"

I am sorry. I don't quite understand the meaning of the words you are saying."

I said, "Oh--yeah, well, I see. Well, this is a parallel stream of events."

I am sorry again. I still don't understand what you are saying."

I understand. I guess we can't go on like this. Then, let's not ask any questions this time."

"............"

"Miss Susie Cloud is not out tonight. ......, no, she is not. ....... She has permission to go out. The gatekeeper will also attest to the fact that she did indeed come and go, albeit at a late hour. That is guaranteed by Dalton Banjo, the chairman of the board of trustees of this bok, the Milia Castel Eye Boarding School. What do you think?"

I believe it is a wise decision."

That's good to hear. Now we can move on. So what did she say? Where did she crush what?"

The large and small centers were located in the 5th, 6th, and 8th districts of the Civic Area, and the 12th, 9th, 7th, and 6th districts of the Old City Area. All of them had hidden rooms and vaults, but all of them were destroyed.

Seven locations? That's a lot more than we knew. ...... Is that what you AmCam people are providing us with?"

No, I believe it was based on the young lady's own research.

In just over an hour? That's a hell of a thing."

That's right, sir! The Lady is in a place far beyond our common sense!

Yeah, that's really true. So? You said there was also a safe in the hidden room?"

Yes, the young lady has destroyed only the door to the safe, leaving its contents untouched. The Edgaras are currently retrieving the safe, while the Byros are inspecting it.

"...... that is, what is it that we want?"

I think we'll probably have enough."

Thank you. That was great information. ...... but how can they do that much in such a short time?"

The young lady was merely doing her legwork and getting rid of any pests that came near her."

I guess it's true what they say about the outliers.

That is correct.

But it's going to allow us to move up our schedule quite a bit."

I think so, Mr. Phillip.

How long do you expect it to take you to put it all together, assuming you're willing to do your part?

"If you give us a week, with all hands on deck, we can ......"

Yeah, I see what you mean. If we work with Mr. McGovern of the Northmilia Chamber of Commerce on the timing, we might be able to make one more move.

I suppose that's possible."

I'm sure I'll be needing Miss Susie's help again."

We are all eager to see your daughter's success.

'That was Amcam's stance for the time being, wasn't it? Then I will ask for your help then."

"Thank you."

"Then I guess the most recent X-Day could be guessed before the middle of next month. But then I would have to feel sorry for Mr. Cloud's daughter. ......"

No, I'm afraid the young lady might bend her navel if she knew she was excluded from such an event.

'Really? I'm not sure that's what ...... is about. But if it's possible, I might ask."

I will go ahead and set up your timetable as well.

I'll be in touch with you," he said. In that case, I'll have to give Bona a call."

Are you a pigeon, sir?

Yes, he will be looking forward to it. It's short notice, but I think he'll be ready to come here in half a month.

We will be moving forward in that direction as well."

Thank you. Now we finally have a point of view. ......I don't think avenging their enemies will redeem her, but we're not going to forgive him nonetheless. We know this is all for our own satisfaction, ......?

"You may do as you please, sir. For Amukam, the enemy of his people is still the enemy of his people.

I have already been out of the business for more than 100 years, so I really appreciate your words. Please tell your head that I cannot thank you enough.

I understand. We will now begin to examine the information we are beginning to gather, so if you will excuse us.

Yes, please take good care of her. Tell Miss Susie I said hello and that I appreciate her."

Yes, and then some.

"Yeah, kind of."

I beg your pardon then."

<blank>

After AnnaMarie left, Dalton Banjo took out a pigeon and blew a message to his best friend.

<blank>

As he spoke, he remembered his friend and his wife, who are now gone, and his slightly sleepy eyes gently lowered.

I had intended to only make plans, but before I knew it, there he was, kindly reminiscing.



<blank>

----------------

Thank you for reading.

<blank>

Thank you for your buzz and your rating! We are always encouraged!

<blank>

Thank you for your support this past year!

We have been able to make some progress, but not too much, and we have managed to keep our foot off the gas.

We would like to thank all of you for your support!

<blank>

We look forward to working with you again next year <(_ _)>.

<blank>

<blank>

Oh, I'll drop it again when the year is up~!

